# Stream Ciphers and RC4
One-time pad is a secure cipher, but it has a huge problem. The key
has to be the same length as the message.  It means that to use
one-time pad you should be able to send over a secure channel a key
that is at least the same size as the plaintext (if you have a secure
channel to share a key the same length as the plaintext, why not
sending the message directly?). This problem lead to the development
of stream ciphers.

Stream ciphers operate on data a byte at a time (conceptually similar
to one-time pad).  The core idea is to combine the plaintext with a
pseudorandom keystream to produce the ciphertext. Usually, in a stream
cipher, a short (compared to the plaintext) secret key is used to
initialize a keystream generator. This generator is a deterministic
algorithm that produces a sequence of bits that appears random to an
observer without the key. Then, the bytes generated by the keystream
are XORed with the plaintext to obtain the ciphertext. The decryption
process is similar. The keystream generator is initialized with the
same secret key, so it will generate the exact same sequence. Then,
XORing the ciphertext with the sequence will produce the plaintext
back. There exist multiple cryptosystems based on this idea, and we
will look at RC4.

In this step, try implementing the `cr_rc4_*` functions declared in
the `src/crypt/include/crypt/stream.h` file.  The implementation must
be inserted into the `src/crypt/stream.c` file.  Once you finished
your implementation, the `check_rc4` testsuite should be passing. For
your implementation, you might want to follow the description provided
by the [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC4).
